Sunday morning dark clouds Rising oh there's no
sunshine anywhere strong winds blowing God give us wisdom
to grasp the message in the air
oh if I could have one wish and know that it would come true I wish that God
would give us strength to know just what to do then we could tear down
and she's created by such evil men
[Music] maybe we could walk together again
[Music] tonight on lady Babylon Bible studies
we're going to take you to the deepest darkest place that we've been I want to
put a real tall order out there and just say look people
you're gonna have to have a seat you're gonna have to set aside your
ethical moral cultural personal difficulties you can't
have said all those aside I'm gonna show you some texts I'm gonna take you a place
that you haven't been and you may want to come back you may get there and say
the student is too much it's too much this is too much ancient Greek cult this
is too much just can't take it now I know I know that's not true you're gonna
love it tonight on lady Babylon
[Music] thank you
good before we play our clip tonight to kind of purify the space you know what I
mean um we're going to be looking at just a couple of comments it's nice they're
going back and forth answering each other you guys are geniuses I know that and I appreciate your time I see your
comments and I really appreciate your time let's chew it let's pull up that first one but let's give our a shout out
to the people who are making the experience worthwhile I've heard you
speak this is from Renee Renee I've heard you speak highly of Medea but in
the Argonauts she murdered her children is there a different version of her story and then you know strangely enough
the next Comet gave a great response to that thank you user so-and-so he answers
this in one of the episodes and no she didn't actually kill her kids apparently
there's a source yeah take it down thanks thank you for doing that that's like you got my back I appreciate that I
appreciate that there is indeed there are several sources and one of them is alien if you want the controversy you
see it was euripides who was being bribed by the Corinthians because this was Corinthian propaganda
we have a description of her the monument that they set up once it was
declared right so let me step back Elian look in Alien for the one of the sources
that you'll be able to find this but um look what's going on you're in Corinth
and they've got a plague and they're like What's the what's the deal send the
embassy out to the pythia right right always to the pythia this is the same
Priestess right this is the same group of oracles that dictate what goes on in
the world you and I wouldn't be sitting here knowing the name Socrates without them
talk about Empire gorgeous the oracles what are the oracles tell the Corinthians
hey you got a plague bozos because you falsely claimed that Medea killed her on
children when you know there was a mob of people once she burned the palace down who cornered her
kids they cornered her kids they beat them to death and then threw them into a
well and then to add impiety to their crime
they blame Medea for having killed her own children a smear of her personality
the smear it was um and uh the ancient source that we
have is talking about you know it's the we all know the monument they're talking about because once the embassy got back
with that with that message they built a monument there at the site where they
threw the bodies of her children said hey
mayor Cooper right many of you talk about Medea we're not talking about myth
we're talking about liguea so I'm gonna bring in Edgar Allan Poe I'm going to
bring an Edgar Allan Poe tonight I don't want you to get into the place that you need to be in
unless you've come through those Vapors of Ed rampo I'm going to show you some dark stuff tonight okay this is this is
the good stuff this is what you you know you got access to it tonight
uh Chewie let's hit that video cleanse the temple
[Music]
foreign [Music]
of the muse it means that clear or shrill voice that
piercing voice penetrates everything that is liguea and if you really want to
know if you really have ears to hear you will be able to read Ed Poe for the
first time love it love it absolutely love it thank you Ed thank you Ed
say hello say hello to Chuck fantastic let's bring up these dirty
dirty texts okay now what I'm bringing you tonight we're gonna start by summoning the prophet ambakum come here
on bakum you're one of my favorites here we go we're going back to the Septuagint and I want us he's gonna pop
in here and he's gonna tell you like it's a prophetic warning to those who have ears
to hear hit it Chewie let's go right to ambakum um look at this verse 15.
oh you were making your neighbor drunk
with that maddening outpouring of wine
wine yes yes that maddening backic outpour why are you doing it why are you
cursed tell us tell us you you you're doing it in order to
uncover their what spedlaya their Grotto
the place where the lace taste does his business yes yes you shouldn't be doing it boys
and girls you shouldn't be going to The Grotto you shouldn't it's bad news for
you remember what that place is show us the grotto show us the grotto in the
Greek here yes yes no no we're one off yes there we go look at this people just
take a look quick quick and number two number two look at the number two and what do you get the privy parts for
those of you who do not speak archaic English
yeah it's not quite okay but it's getting there um those are the genitalia
thus the genitalia do you mean the cave is that Sacred
Space yeah isn't that interesting oh I should have looked at it that way
the whole time you wouldn't be in this position with you and yes you'd have some satisfaction
fantastic let's go to the next let's go to the next uh little bit of Greek I
just want to thank you I'm becoming go take a a dirt nap fantastic I want to
grab you now and I want to pull you um using nonus I want to pull you into
the Gospel of John and you'll see why this makes sense but I want to pull you
into the Gospel of John I want to warn you this is dirty stuff dirty stuff let's just look at it you know this
Maria he says now what is this by the way one more time because I know we said it a few times I know people getting it
this is the paraphrase of John's gospel by the incredible scholar known as fifth
century who's doing um who's who's working with
um the most cult bakic mystery over 48 books I mean this
guy's genius right this guy has all that's hidden has all that esoteric
stuff that we need and he paraphrased he rewrites John he rewrites John and when
he does so he exposes Jesus for what's going on it's gonna get graphic it's
going to get really graphic but what's Happening Here Maria yeah Mary what's
going on this is the Mary which Mary are we talking about we're talking about the one who carries the goddess for Jesus
the one who carries the goddess for Jesus take a look at this Greek people
right that's an alternative um uh
uh most of what you're about to see is Alternatives Greek students is because
uh he's got a fit meter right and these are typical
um things that notice does right this this work is got his fingerprints all over it right it's definitely you could
not have tried to imitate him more closely um but he says what's happening this is
the Maria that is that one who Bears the Goddess that beautiful-haired one and
that is a title that we use in the mystery that we use in the mystery who
is she who Bears the goddess I bet you want to know this don't you
who is she who Bears the goddess it's a title cult title and Mary is given the
cult title just like we had the Cristos juanax yeah
yeah now here we are um what is she doing for Jesus you're
about to see her bring the goddess you're brought to see her bring the goddess and
um look at the next line what does she do she she oils up his feet she oils up
both of his feet with the Dew with the what with the do
with the Dew I want you to keep that little word in mind for a second and I just want you to realize that
um we're getting into a technical language now fantastic with the Dew of what I'm
expecting drugs do I see drugs of course I do with with respect to the do
you know of the myrrh the muron
that we are using in the
sacrifices that fumigate us to the seventh heaven
fantastic fantastic so
don't be mistaken don't be mistaken is there more I think there was more there in that one sorry
to cut you off early on that one but yeah look at this last one yeah um and what does she you know what does
she do she wipes from his feet she wipes from his feet
um yeah with her hair and this apple maso what is it do we
have the Greek word appomatta I think we did it should be the next should be the next one on the slide yep
very good I think yeah there we go take a look at this people yeah it means to wipe off but look at number two
look at number two your seminarians can be excused now because they are they don't have access to this your
seminarians don't know this write your Bible scholars you people don't have access to this stuff I'm
giving it to you look at number two to wipe clean especially in Magic ceremonies
especially in Magic ceremonies look at the very last line of that of a serpent
of that paragraph of a serpent right to apomas
we've all learned what that EOS is we know it's the poison take it down
what is she wait a minute what's going on here what between Jesus
and Mary what is going what is going on I want to see it I'm
I'm gonna have to tune up tune Us in here gonna have to turn up the resolution I want to see it baby I want to feel
that Stone Cold marble
the stone cold what yes how do you think we get there
fantastic next one let's go to the next one I just want you to see that this is her
beautiful hair and I want you to notice this way of describing a priestess is
typical not only a priestess but a goddess or goddess and look you can see
it's in the orphic hymns but who is the Goddess that it talks about in the
orphic hymns she is Bacchus because everybody knows
the Savior has that beautiful hair
right she's the one who Bears the goddess interestingly enough interestingly
enough she's there for what I'm gonna show you it says in the Greek
what Jesus is doing to her who brings that power she who is that bringer of
the Goddess let's see what she does to Jesus and let's see what Jesus does to her I want details details
fantastic give me the next one yep oh yeah yeah
um yeah just that's okay let's keep keep going to the next text boom here we go here we go
um more more more of known us right what does she do yeah so working from the top she does
what she moistens that hair of hers
what is what is your hair it's slick it's got that stuff in it this is she
has come ready for this whole event this is gorgeous what you're about to see I'm
about to show you things you didn't know Mary did okay you you will now you will now and what
does she what is she again she's the that beautiful haired producer of the
Goddess Chalice of the Goddess for the Christ yes for the Christ and what does she put
I want you to look at that first line
what did she put in her hair I didn't see that I didn't see that what is it ikmas
is a body fluid
she put Jesus's body fluid how are their body fluids involved at this point with
all of this drug terminology starting to get to me let's keep reading
she's going to do something for those of you who are not adults in history
those of you who aren't intellectual adults you're going to want to leave the room
you're going to want to leave the room because we're we're going to look at the text
we're going to look at the text from Antiquity that is going to explain it this is gorgeous I love it okay let's uh
put that one up again yeah oh and uh okay yeah so
um while all of this is going on um Maria's brother right her sungunos
right the person who's in the same Clan her brother it's another way of poetic
way of saying brother um and he is what kind of brother he's a barugunos he's um not too good on his
feet he's not too good on his feet he's kind of weighed down he's got heavy knees
right he's got heavy knees and why does he got heavy knees
because he is himaseto he's struck it's the idea think about
the person with the whip the person with the whip the mystics
right right and when you apply that whip that Ma
sticks what happens to the person go back to the text look where he is look
where he is he's in a thermo atmoy a what
he's in a hot Bane he's in a hot vapor
he's in a hot vapor that is wait what is
brings your Bane yeah
it's a disease Z's you got in your flesh
brings it out those Vapors we know who invented this practice that
he is talking about we'll call her Medea
lovely we're still not to the dirty part though so where is this brother Lazarus
he's out vaping yeah he's out vaping in the pirate
Grotto fantastic we put a stone over his tomb
Place smell terrible Jesus was like don't worry he's not dead
and everybody's like huh and he comes roll away Stone Audi
stumbles right yes a perfect historical description
of the drug sex cult machinations those who wish to be born again
yeah you wondered why Jesus was hanging around the cemeteries all the time
you wandered it's the one place he gets caught with the naked kid you would think that we
would put it together yeah lovely lovely let's go to that same
Source I want to make sure we we lapped it up we got all of it there's a bun there's a that bottom line pull off that
yeah yep no we got it we got it he's that container baby he's that container
of the burn you want to get Resurrected
you gotta go it was on that fourth day right why was it on that fourth day
we knew Jesus got up and walked away right how did Lazarus get up and walk
away they knew they knew from the drugs exactly how long that death and
Resurrection would take place all nonas is doing is describing it he's
giving away the secrets and he's doing it in beautiful Greek
beautiful Greek let's go to the next text or whatever we have after that let's see
there's a couple things in here I wanted you to see the atmos notice that the atmos you know of incense the vapors
yeah okay okay going back to what Medea created good give me another
um when you when you get a chance give me the next the next entry after that one whatever it is good pull down Bible
studies fantastic Lazarus who is Lazarus
he's the one that Jesus uh-oh is the text pretty explicit yeah
it is it is it even says he's got that familial love Frost room but
he's fancies he fancies Lazarus we'll leave that that's hearsay that's not gonna hold it
and enter in trans-dimensional court right people want to say yeah look
no come on come on let's be adults right
we don't have any problem with patroclus right we got over that couple of
centuries ago Patronus and achilles they were lovers Greeks were like yeah so
right there's no homosexuality until Christianity invents it up until that time with the Greeks it's
just one of those things you know sacks there sexy there pulls balance
yeah have a good life fantastic let's go to the let's go to the um
back to that passage oh God you're gonna love it people you're gonna love it now
having said that before I just want to make a note I just want to make a note I have read some texts from antiquity
that were very derogatory so it's not like
homosexuality hasn't been a Target but no more so than every other
type and ethnicity um the point is that
the ality of homosexuality
um sets itself in western civilization after the rise of Christianity
correct fantastic love it let's go to this text pull up that text okay here it
is people I know thank you for waiting 28 minutes I'll try to get it quick um yeah he says look at the end of this
excuse me
what is that it all sounds good do you see the Hallelujah what is he doing the
one that Jesus is particularly fond of what is he doing he's out hallelujahing
he's out what yeah he's out Hallelujah
oh he's on drugs didn't he pull the text up again he's gotta be on drugs this you
know this doesn't make sense unless these people are there drugs there are there drugs there
Oh I thought how's he doing it he's doing it within that flame is this a
cult term yep yep it is
you're kidding no I'm not he is in that bane of the fire the fires Bane that
disease you get everybody here knows it it's Eros you ever get the fire
oh and you look and you see across the way and you meet eyes oh
right could be out in the middle of nowhere but you hit boom and you can feel the arrow that
Arrow Burns in Antiquity that Arrow Burns you all the way to the marrow
and that's where your Nelda are that's where you're Essence comes from
huh that fire is what he is in he is in the burning
the flesh Burns Paul is oh I just have a thorn in my flesh you Junkie
you Junkie you evangelicals follow Junkies
Junkies
are you ready let's do it give me the next give me the next uh Greek thing yeah this is
fantastic look at this end of the first line so she says and she uses this old
title right for Jesus to address Jesus why
didn't you use the you know curios isn't that isn't that well what is the koirana
have it has an older sense to it this is the master this is the master
he says I know right and I know that you're that one
who is in this organization in this world system
that we can't see I know that you are the Christ I know that you're the logos I know that
you're the son and who is he the son of not just anybody
but of Alexa of the
ill or the poison averting
Zeus this is who you are you're the one who's the child of that God who averts
ill who averts poison who averts
disaster this is you yeah all of a sudden with those few
titles that we know exactly who we're talking about Colt wise
gorgeous Jesus just tell us one more dirty thing that Mary's gonna do give us
one more just I want you to see this um next yeah go ahead well let's talk
about Alexey Coco's there it is keeping off that Mischief right nice notice that
it's an epithet of Heracles does that surprise you it shouldn't read the orphic hymn to Heracles sometimes you'd
be like oh this is Jesus right this is the Christ This Is The
Morning Star love it let's go keep going to the next one okay people this is the dirty one is
everybody let's just take a second and I'm going to end on this just take it down for one second just I need to ramp
up for this I'm going to be
literal as I possibly can I'm gonna give you
the technical terms and is easily accessible and Vivid way
as I possibly can I'm going to try to paint for you the picture of what this amazing author
is saying about Jesus okay let's bring it up let's bring it up
hail Satan let's do this are you ready I'm just gonna translate
for you and then I'm gonna go back and point out some words yeah so
Mary took up that muron that we use in the
rights and this stuff was pure
she took blow up to it she took there we go she took three measures of
this stuff from the nard and what does she do she she did what is Todd say she engaged
her marmar on her marble she engaged the marbles you know what I
mean right she lifted back and forth the marble I'm
not kidding you it's what it says but it's going to describe you what kind of marble it is it's bebles man on marble
it's the kind are you ready it's the kind with which
you plug the gaps you put it in the holes you plug the
gaps this is the marble that fills the hole
yeah and what does it do what does it do
it's that vessel for the Dew it's that vessel for the what for the do
there's our do again there's our do again do you know who produces do
if you do not know who produces do you are not a devotee of the rights that
keep this world going round and round and round yes
if you do know how the Dew is brought
and what is done with the Dew you've been initiated you're born again
you see it this is an alabastran I want you to notice it can both contain
fluid and be used as a medical applicator for which Aristophanes made
fun of it yes it is an ancient dildo
and that's precise terminology this history that we're doing
contains the dildos and the use of those dildos
yeah the marble now in Antiquity dildos were made of
several materials dildos were made of leather the actors on the stage employed large
leather dildos they were made of polished Stone
the marble is particularly uh user friendly when it comes to the
applications of drugs to the rectum in Antiquity this is history
about Jesus yeah remember the naked boy that was with
Jesus when he got arrested and I was keep putting this in the context that we can if he and Mary are
openly engaged in a mystery that involves drugs and sex
yeah well let's see what she do what she do with the whole plugging marble let's
see boom that's her alabastrin by the way that's a reference the other gospels
talk about her alabastrin right fantastic so um he he takes she takes this thing this
whole plugging thing that becomes the carrier of the Dew and she
excuse me she is that one whose hair has been positioned
for the sake of the performance of Rights yes yes
Love This Love This and what does she do um oh my goodness okay here's where it
gets a little bit rough here's where it gets a little bit rough say so she's gonna oil off the feet
but he doesn't just say the feet of Jesus he says the feet that are says pessius
those are the feet that are Divine Jesus's feet are
oracular what what give us is up there give me I just want I
want people to believe me right where's the look look it's not me I'm not give me another of the Greek I think it's
that one says yes let's see no that's not it go out is it this one right here
nope let's send it one more that's the eating now oh darn it we'll come across it later
um yeah the eating I'm sorry don't spoil your dinner but here we go are you ready
bring the text up let's just give it to him okay here we go I'm just gonna translate the whole thing okay so um
Mary took up that marble that is used for plugging holes right and carrying
the Dew and um she did what she anointed
massaged at applied the oil right to the feet
those oracular those oracular feet
those those prophetic feet that future telling feet thing and what
does she do she anointed those that belong to her Dino menu
her what her King her King who is what Dynamo her King
who is eating her her King who is consuming the communion
her King who is the christed one why do
you think Mary had to be had to be that one who brings
the god s a yeah the goddess
that's a Theos yes how did she have to bring that he
has to be consuming her he has to be consuming her yes and if you look up if
you look it up you'll see that it's used with respect to specific drugs
and what specific drugs are there oh well it's the EOS are you surprised
no you shouldn't be this is a circus where we can track the drugs perfectly
we always know what's going on if we're watching the drugs and what is she doing
she is producing this drug she's producing it she brings the Dew
she brings the Dew okay so bring it up again let's see let's see
that last okay and what happens well it's an orgy people so
um ultimately everybody's gonna get involved Ryan look at what she's doing now you know why Gregory pardoned her
right for using if this is the same the same one for using the sex drugs Gregory
was talking about it anyway so on the next line what does it says [Music]
yeah look at the next line 15 ikmada what is she doing
harvesting that ikmada spread wide
and what kind of ikma that is it it's
you know that some fluids can be clear like water
can behave like water some fluids from Antiquity we're talking like
the docks did an Antiquity and some some fluids can be sticky
they can stick together so as Galen says you could take your finger and you can
take the fluid and you can stretch your fingers in the fluid makes it a little string because
it's viscous yeah it's kind of thick kind of like Slim
yes right right well we've got that here
we've got that here in Mary's Hair
right and she is spread out all over
hmm interesting okay I'm trying to get a picture let's bring the verse back
um get exactly what it is yeah and um where is it going it's going into her
mahladi and for those of you who think this is
not dirty I want to take you to the machlos is her hair is her hair right she's
known for this hair of the Priestess you know what's in the hair of the priestesses the drugs and the sacred
body fluids what yes the drugs and the communion
it's drugs and communion it's in the hair it's not just in their regular hair hair
right it's in there show me the text again it's in
this type of hair um look at that last line on the second
to last line give me the Greek from the next and it'll it'll give us a little Trail here no this is by the way this is
what is the consuming this is what Jesus is doing and I just wanted you to see it they do it of poisons as well to Feast
on what is Jesus doing to marry he's feasting on her right he's feasting on her unless you
eat my flesh and drink my blood you got no place in the Kingdom
some people are born eunuchs and some are made eunuchs for the kingdom
you got no place with me unless you eat my flesh you know what he's doing to her he is eating her flesh in that flesh
sucks in Greek in that flesh is that Water of Life and there's only
one way to get there and Paul is tired of doing it he doesn't want to do it
anymore yeah Thorn In My Flesh oh God you didn't know they were so
creepy did you ah it's the drugs man you just traced
down the look at the drugs they're using you want to know what people are like look at the drugs they're using
um fantastic let's go back to it one more here's there's a little tiny bit of dirtiness left for those oh mall close
we still didn't get to the mall close keep going just so people can see it machladi here is what we've got in the
text the next Greek probably right there no this is what's going on methusco
people are getting inebriated right people are getting intoxicated get intoxicated next one fantastic
um oh here's from before you know that awful or natural that or oracular those
those that Madness that this stuff gets us into love it next one next one
here's the mock loss right look at that oh my goodness what is it wanton
wanton or luxuriant the next one gives a little bit more definition here we go
loot or loss of women you women out there this is only for you
you mean the Greeks have a word that just expresses the wantonness
the luxurian wantonness of a woman
yeah because you don't have it dude you don't have it some
eunuchs are made eunuchs for the kingdom of heaven
you want that you want that attraction yeah when you're in the cult
there's only one doorway and it's right here with that
that's how her hair is described in which she is receiving
she is receiving what the ikmas she's receiving Jesus's body fluid of
communion love it they used to call it Hyma blood
they used to call semen from both men and women
blood the essence love it let's go down we've got a couple
more slides and we're done this is fantastic we're we're all you know right
here at the climax um what kind of by the way this is all stuff to drink right that plaos that I
told you were translating before notice that it's used of drinks and
notice for my Greek students nikander look at that bottoms that bottom source aposis is a potion right it's for peon
peon for drinking and it gives us the Hippocratic diseases of women well notice that bottom source
is the candor right in the Candor as soon as you get in the Candor you know you know where
you are you know what kind of terms are being used and um he's a priest right he's a priest
of these Resurrection rights he's a Healer right Apollo love it love it
let's go to the next one
that's not a big deal and then finally finally on the bottom I wanted you guys
to see this um just blow this up for me Chewie what is happening to everybody else says
the Bible right says noness what's happening they're spreading it
it's not just happening it's Jesus he's not just laying there with Mary right EX in exchanging body fluids
feasting on Mary he's not just he's not just doing that everybody else gets in
on it and how are they getting in on it they're being steeped
in the vapors they're being made drunk
with the vapors and I just want to bring up that last Greek slide Chewie that we
the last Greek text that we did look at the very last line what is she doing
what's Mary doing you can see her on the floor right and what is she doing spread over Jesus
and what is she doing with her marble she is swimming
she's what she is swimming
in the fumes of this in theotic drug this drug
that puts the god inside of you this place is me it says on the bottom line
in mathism it made the whole household made the whole household
stoned it intoxicated do you remember Medea intoxicating people against their
will with the fumigations that is exactly what is going on here
do we know what happened to the rest of the disciples that were with him who
became intoxicated we do not but I can tell you this for a
fact a Seder is a Seder and a Seder will just as soon
enter into coitus with another Seder
as they will anyone else yeah
interesting those are real rights those
are that's that or gear yeah that's the real thing
it's quite a picture it's quite a picture
and I'm afraid following Mary's pardon for the sex
drugs I'm afraid this went downhill
yeah it went downhill now we're gonna watch that we're gonna
track that because when we bring the case to court it's a trans-dimensional court and we've got Jesus and we've got
his naked boy from Mark 14 51 52. we have everything built up with his child
trafficking and the drugs that they're using I want these drugs as evidence
right that [__] that nardon I want those things there I want the Eek Mada
the ikmas I want that on display when Jesus is sitting in the witness stand
because you know he's he's gonna go ahead and try to take he's going to be dumb enough to think he can take the
witness down you know when we hold up that body fluid from
dude genetic test is genetic test right evidence is evidence is this your bodily
fluids Jesus in the hair of Mary is this your is this your bodily fluid is this your
do you Jesus Christ sit there with Mary with a marble Alabaster that is built to
drug You by plugging your portals Jesus
was Mary using it on Jesus it's the sex drug
that is covered on the medicated dildo
that would be inducing him to have that death and Resurrection
yeah what is she doing she's foretelling my death
yeah right uh-huh oh now I see I wish I'd have
known all the dirty details in the meantime and I would not have devoted time to the
worship of this Duo um yeah Corruption of the rights people
Corruption of the rights uh let's not let one bad egg arrested
with a naked kid um let's not let him taint our classical
Heritage that's let's let's get the text back
and let's tell the story let them see him the answer is not apologetics the
answer is letting them see Jesus hail Satan
[Music]
tear down [Applause] [Music]
together again just maybe we could walk together again
[Music]